save the gamer beauty lucas but only
in the area and today I'm here with one more
iwate dogs gameplay galley or gameplay
today is not to bring our series
of billboards to bring a hint from where
You will find the car you have so far.
is the fastest car of hot dogs where
You can steal this car so that you can
use this car on your missions
good for those who do not know is great
blog for you to get a car you
have two options is three options you can
buy it
you can steal you can hack
someone who has sputum and then you spend
have access to this car and I ended up
Finding where the car was
It's really cool now that you've stayed
available here in my list of cars
for mission then it is if you take it here
pull by cell here was the application
car on demand and you tell us
cars is performance
You will see that you have here the
bitter turbo boxer is the box berg r 1
the sca this affects gt which is the name of the
car and the pope came, then let's go
compare here the two most expensive cars
that's here right then we have the Pope
came here if you look here you will
see that the maximum acceleration speed
maximum durability two stars and
handling of almost 4 stars is there you
here it affects gt
you see there is maximum speed
maximum acceleration durability 2 and
handling of four is ie the car
faster so far already found here
It's in billboards at least for me, right?
let it show in the shows the
progression of others so that's it
Where is that on the map?
You will hit the map button ok.
and then it 's very easy for you to look like
Do you have a map on the side of your house?
this tip of the kinect map
acting where you have to hack and there it is
here it is more or less here at that point
you will find're this has a
box here near an ATM that
asks you will find more or less
here is an ATM that
between these two ATMs
in this block ok
Good, there's an easier tip here.
although there has been up there this
aldora cnec usually return with this
car is orange come back with the same car
blue
Just there you just go and get in here.
within this logic
okay you will find the car I
in fact I already got the car had
recorded the video showing is the
location but I already picked it up
I will not need to get him again, okay?
But the car will be here or will it go?
be down here, not the time I
I picked it up it was ok then that's it
If you liked this video, remember.
to let your lights darks share in this
video to disseminate this information to
Share on facebook or on facebook
twitter beauty
If you want to follow us on Twitter
twitter.com ba game for fun br no
facebook facebook.com barra game was a fan
every friday rolls our live stream
there on our tweetie tweetdeck channel
tv point bar game was a fan and not yet
bought dollars to our store in store
point game for fun com.br
even you're selling
digital games including watchdog
good people, see you later
next video and I already did but some
videos this dawn of campaign mode
also has a very cool mystery that
I found there to give doses beauty then the
People see in the next video a hug
stay with God and thanks